why you say however that footing told me
I can't be mad because there's a snack
then she fly they'll pull mom no mom I
walked home out of the American game
with a while later please I'm not even
arguing fucking play I'm just great
double kill oh my god the hotel what
what in five five months sure yeah i sow
okay now you either look to my account
for this game I've lost two games are
398 and I'm gonna lose cuz you guys are
done people fucking busted you she'd be
busted just for the whole moving eyes I
hope that this for that I'm going to
rape hopefully the whole comic art does
the car chase thank you live in America
yeah I'll make sure you were destined I
I'm really much angrier I get so many
marches on you on our team making us
lose so many of you you so bad you're
leaving a little bit but you're really
really bad for free but you thought the
whole house play halo use a scrubbing
master to halo booking Oh of that on
there or
it got me killed about three times no I
really would chop your head off fucking
word mate I would mate with a kitchen
knife me sweat bon-ton choppy other ya
gon do you lying by lying bastard why do
that you'll lie come on come on Oh
screaming fuck you live off it gone come
on you haven't bought a whole spirit you
haven't got a whole spirit fucking run
high iron on a hospital I know yeah you
shocked it Maria won't be warned me than
you fucking scrubbing about twice off
Chase is that easy huh you so bad you're
not even a little bit much you're really
really yeah